you are already in your segments to go
crafts in today you
I will teach how to make this cute little shoe
They must be nice with points and it's
lined in the back the
materials that we will need are
this pattern is very easy of you alone
take the scissors and round this part
here and then do a little opening
more downstairs shy of pizza for
do this here below
these edges
the pencil with if we want to spend it like me
I did it here the politicians to do the
crillon to make these points that
want to do alone and the drill
to make a back hole if they want
hang up
and the glue to stick the
surfaces that we are going to use
we put silicon here
here we put a silicone type
we stick it there
a little here and a little
is as he testified for us
and later
we add and put deadlines surfaces
in the middle of the circle
we give them some glue for here
as well
we do the following in circles
same
and so we are running the forms of
our
we are going to take a form
and we're going to stop silicon by the sides
to stick it
then it is very easy to do
If you do not understand the video, you can
sue a message to me or my facebook
he managed crafts them quickly the
rest
it is staying like this
and later
the palm of the 5 was cut in the part of
behind
I stick it well and I make a little circle
to place it
in the part of adela
and so it makes us look our lids 5
let's catch
and we will make public at the error
points around the whole
and that's not how our
apathetic very well very nice and come
in today until next week
bye bye
ah